# movie_trailer
The movie_trailer website will show you the list of movie posters. When the mouse hovers over the poster, the information of that movie will appear in the poster and when the mouse leaves the poster, the information of the movie will disappear. Also, the movie trailer pops up when the poster is clicked. This is _the project of Udacity Full Stack Web Developer NanoDegree Program_. 

# Running the Program
1. Download the files listed below and locate them in the same folder.
    - fresh_tomatoes.py
    - media.py
    - entertainment_center.py
2. Open entertainment_center.py in Python IDLE.
3. Run the module.
4. The website pops up in the default web browser. 

# Files
* **entertainment_center.py :** The media.py is imported and the multiple instances of the Python class are created. All the instances is grouped together in a list called movies. A function called open_movies_page in the fresh_tomatoes.py module is called and the movies array is used as an input. 

* **fresh_tomatoes.py :** This module has the function called open_movies_page that takes in one list argument and it generates a html file called julie_fave_movies.html.

* **julie_fave_movies.html :** This html file is dynamically generated by the fresh_tomatoes.py and display all of my favortie movies along with the movie titles, the posters, movie trailers, and the movie information.

* **media.py :** Python class called Movie is defined in this module.


# Acknowldgement
Udacity - Full Stack Web Developer NanoDegree Program
